welcome to the circus of Horrors at
Anastasia is the name we're just about
to pull this three and a half ton van
across the street 25 meters ahead of our
performances at G live see you then
is this what you normally see when you
wait for a bus
ha
start you have it's okay so then Holly
Bailey
I'm the feel relieved I suppose
check in the forest
just managed to stepped into something
on my hand what can you do life at the
circus of ours
here we are at Taiji why I'm just saying
tickets on the slopes of Horace it's
ticking studies let cakes at the
moment so make sure you buy yours
quickly you might get me on the end of
the power and authority is selling
mystic how about that fair deal and add
you lied I can help you yes you do have
tickets available for the satisfy what
price would you like please